[Music]
hey Chandler saw the new furniture very
nice yeah Joey has the best boyfriend
ever
I kissed Kathy what are you serious oh
just Joey no no is there any way any way
you think he will understand this you
obviously haven't screwed over a lot of
your friend which we all appreciate you
know the sad thing is if you had told
him how you felt before you kissed or
knowing Joey you probably just would
have stepped aside oh don't say that
don't say that that's not true is it why
didn't you tell me to do that said
something of Phoebe was a really good
idea what I'm gonna do
well Jim you're gonna have to tell him
why why do I have to tell him because
you do yeah I know would it be okay if I
wrote a song about this
hey hey sambuca margarita that have real
thing well we only had sambuca so it is
now listen Joey I need to I need to talk
to you about something
what's up it's it's about Kathy um I
like her I like her a lot actually you
do yeah well your timing couldn't be
better
she's not my girlfriend anymore what
yeah she broke up with me oh uh when
just now after acting class at first I
thought she was doing some kind of scene
that's why I've let people watch man I
am so sorry here you are you okay I've
been better but I'm alright so you like
her huh yes but I I don't have to no no
no it's uh it's okay yeah yeah you know
why because you came to me first
well I thought that would be the best
thing to do
hey listen just so you know you might
have your work cut out for you because
when I talked to her I kind of got the
feeling she's into some other guy so see
that's that's actually what I wanted to
talk to you about I think I know who the
other guy is oh it's me
I'm the other guy what
yeah I mean when you were late last
night Kathy and I got to talking and one
thing led to another and and what did
you sleep with her no no no I just
kissed her what that's even worse
how is that work no no no but it's the
same well I'm sorry but there's nothing
I could do I think I'm in love with her
who cares you went behind my back I
would never do that to you
you're right I have no excuses I was
totally over the line over the line
you're so far past the line that you
can't even see the line the line is a
dock to you yes yes right and I feel
horrible you have to believe me is that
why you bought all this stuff but you
know what I will not watch your TV I
will not listen to your stereo and
there's a cinnamon raisin loaf in the
new bread maker that I'm not gonna eat
you know what probably because because
it's all tangy with your betrayal from
now on this apartment is empty to me I'm
not happy about you either
oh and just so you know I made that
bread for you
you